[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/3ZiEPvx-)
# üé§ Exposition Engineering: Show Proposal One

[![build](../../actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](../../actions/)
![Platforms: Linux, MacOS, Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-Linux%20%7C%20MacOS%20%7C%20Windows-blue.svg)

## ‚ú® Table of Contents

<!---toc start-->

* [üé§ Exposition Engineering: Show Proposal One](#-exposition-engineering-show-proposal-one)
  * [‚ú® Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
  * [üèÅ Introduction](#-introduction)
  * [ü§ù Seeking Assistance](#-seeking-assistance)
  * [üõ´ Project Overview](#-project-overview)
  * [üêä Project Assessment](#-project-assessment)

<!---toc end-->

## üèÅ Introduction

This project invites you to write a show proposal for a podcast on the topic of
picking an academic major at an undergraduate at an institution like Allegheny
College. In addition to writing all of the required content in the file
[writing/proposals/show_proposal_one.md](writing/proposals/show_proposal_one.md),
you will practice the use of `git` and GitHub and learn how to check the writing
in a Markdown file through the use of tools like the
[GatorGrade](https://github.com/GatorEducator/gatorgrade) program that runs the
automated grading checks provided by
[GatorGrader](https://github.com/GatorEducator/gatorgrader).

Please note that the content provided in the `README.md` file for this GitHub
repository is an overview of the project and thus may not include the details
for every step needed to successfully complete every project deliverable. This
means that you may need to schedule a meeting during the course instructor's
office hours to discuss aspects of this project. Finally, it is important to
point out that your repository for this project was created from the GitHub
repository template called
[exposition-engineering-proposal-one-starter](https://github.com/ExpositionEngineering/exposition-engineering-proposal-one-starter);
you can check this repository for any updates to this project's documentation or
source code!

## ü§ù Seeking Assistance

Even though the course instructor will have covered all of the concepts central
to this project before you start to work on it, please note that not every
detail needed to successfully complete the assignment will have been covered
during prior classroom sessions. This is by design as an important skill that
you must practice as an exposition engineer is to search for and then understand
and ultimately apply the technical writing content found in additional resources.

## üõ´ Project Overview

This assignment invites you to create a show proposal for a podcast on the topic
of picking an academic major at an institution like Allegheny College. You must
read all of the `TODO` markers inside of the `show_proposal_one.md` file and
write the content and take the steps that they require. Once you are finished
with your show proposal you should use the pull request review mechanism built
into GitHub to request that the course instructor review your work. Next, both
you and the course instructor will collaboratively complete one or more rounds
of review of your show proposal so as to ensure that it is ready for public
review.

During the next stage of the review process, you will use a separate GitHub
repository, representing the "public face" of the podcast, to make your show
proposal available for review by all the members of the podcasting studio. After
your show proposal has successfully completed this final round of review you
will be invited to start working on a show outline and then record your podcast
episode. Once the podcast episode is recorded it will progress to the audio
engineering stage and then later be published to the podcast's web site and
audio hosting platforms such as Spotify.

## üêä Project Assessment

Please keep in mind the following reminders as you consider how the course
instructor will assess the final version of your project:

- If you have already installed the
[GatorGrade](https://github.com/GatorEducator/gatorgrade) program that runs the
automated grading checks provided by
[GatorGrader](https://github.com/GatorEducator/gatorgrader) you can, from the
repository's base directory, run the automated grading checks by typing
`gatorgrade --config config/gatorgrade.yml`.
- You may also review the output from running GatorGrader in GitHub Actions.
Please note that if all of the GatorGrader checks do not pass, then your GitHub
Actions build will not pass either. You need to make sure that you have a
passing build in GitHub Actions before the project's due date.
- The GitHub repository that houses this project has a GitHub Actions
configuration that will report to you through the GitHub Actions tab a summary
of the key results from running the assessment. You can check this tab to
quickly see which the status of the GatorGrader checks and to review a report
about the coverage of the test suite that accompanies the project.
- Don't forget that you must provide all of the required responses to the
technical writing prompts in the `writing/proposals/show_proposal_one.md` file.
- Please make sure that you completely delete the `TODO` markers and their
labels from all of the provided source code and technical writing. This means
that instead of only deleting and/or rewriting the `TODO` marker from the file
you should delete the `TODO` marker and the entire prompt and then add your own
content to demonstrate that you understand all aspects of this project.
